Add some docs for release (#24)
Qiskit-Extensions/arraylias: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

<!-- Copyright Contributors to the Qiskit project. -->

# Code of Conduct

> All members of this project agree to adhere to the Qiskit Code of Conduct listed at [https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-metapackage/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit-metapackage/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All members of this project agree to adhere to the Qiskit Code of Conduct listed at [https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](https://github.com/Qiskit/qiskit/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
```
